Add a concern ShopifyApp::Authenticated so apps don't have to inherit from AuthenticatedController (#708)
Shopify/shopify_app: README.md

If you only run the install generator then by default you will have an in memory store but it **won't work** on multi-server environments including Heroku. If you ran all the generators including the shop_model generator then the `Shop` model itself will be the `SessionRepository`. If you look at the implementation of the generated shop model you'll see that this gem provides a concern for the `SessionRepository`. You can use this concern on any model that responds to `shopify_domain` and `shopify_token`.

Authenticated
-------------

> The engine provides a `ShopifyApp::Authenticated` concern which should be included in any controller that is intended to be behind Shopify OAuth. It adds `before_action`s to ensure that the user is authenticated and will redirect to the Shopify login page if not. It is best practice to include this concern in a base controller inheriting from your `ApplicationController`, from which all controllers under Shopify authentication inherit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The engine provides a `ShopifyApp::Authenticated` concern which should be included in any controller that is intended to be behind Shopify OAuth. It adds `before_action`s to ensure that the user is authenticated and will redirect to the Shopify login page if not. It is best practice to include this concern in a base controller inheriting from your `ApplicationController`, from which all controllers that require Shopify authentication inherit.
```

Author: Done ✅

> For backwards compatibility, there exists a `ShopifyApp::AuthenticatedController` which can be inherited from and includes this concern. It inherits directly from `ActionController::Base`, though, and you will not be able to use any shared functionality from your `ApplicationController`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For backwards compatibility, the gem still provides a controller called `ShopifyApp::AuthenticatedController` which includes the `ShopifyApp::Authenticated` concern. Note that it inherits directly from `ActionController::Base`, so you will not be able to use any shared functionality from your application's `ApplicationController`.
```

Author: Thanks!!

> For backwards compatibility, the gem still provides a controller called `ShopifyApp::AuthenticatedController` which includes the `ShopifyApp::Authenticated` concern. Note that it inherits directly from `ActionController::Base`, so you will not be able to use any shared functionality from your application's `ApplicationController`.

Reviewer 2: `s/the gem/the engine/` We seem to be using "engine" to describe this everywhere else in the README, so let's keep that consistent.

For clarity let's rephrase the last sentence: `...so you will not be able to share functionality between it and your application's ApplicationController.`
